hey lovely state I'm going to be doing a
30-day Scout massage challenge and I
want you guys to join in on with me and
massaging your scalp can't promote hair
growth which is the main reason why I'm
doing it I want to see some length
because pretty soon I'm getting my ends
cut off and I don't want to go like
super short hair so I'm going to try to
grow out by trying different things
different challenges first and basically
the scalp massage challenge promotes
hair growth it reduces dandruff and
reduces stress so it's overall good
challenge to do and basically I'm just
going to be showing you guys the length
of my hair and then in 30 days I will
show you guys the new length of my hair
so let's just get started
I know my hair super crazy
by the way guys um I did film a tutorial
on this makeup look but the lighting was
bad so I did not I did not upload it I
deleted it but if you guys do want to
see a tutorial on this Victoria Secret
makeup look comment below and I will be
film it for you guys publishing a more
black shirt
you guys you cannot you cannot see the
hair at all in this black shirt so I'm
gonna go change real quick and I'll be
right back
hey guys I am back and my hair looking
crazier than ever
and so I'm gonna get started in measure
my hair up for you guys
so those are the measurements and in 30
days after I can take the challenge I
will show my new lengths and I will put
I will put a before and after picture so
you guys can get a better picture of the
before and after sense I don't of before
and after because I don't have a
measuring tape to actually measure so I
just have like the guess so but I mean I
probably just will put on the same shirt
so I has like the same measurements kind
of so guys thank you for watching and I
will see you next you